okay
we are going to kick things off and get
started
um so for those who don't know us um i
feel like
many of you we've probably met with um
either recently
or over email um some amelia i'm the svp
and gm here at foster
um here to chat and inform you guys
about all things
events related for 2021
um and caitlyn here i will let her
introduce herself
hey guys i'm caitlin paul gucci i have
been on a few meetings with some of you
and you've seen me over email i'm here
to make sure
everything rolls off without a hitch
especially to our
new sponsors and continuing sponsors
everyone in between
so thank you guys for joining us thanks
for joining
um if you guys ever have a question
that's related to a current
existing sponsorship or partnership um
you've probably emailed with caitlin via
the sponsor success inbox
um her she manages it manages it
um and is most of you guys primary
day-to-day contact so
if you guys need any questions um she's
the right person to definitely go to
um and she'll get your questions
answered it is the person
to get it to the right place
all right so without further ado um we
just wanted
to go through a quick recap of our 2020
digital events
and then um you know use the majority of
our time to share with you guys
the schedule of events we have planned
for 2021.
if at any point you have a question um
feel free to use the q a
um we'll try and answer if there's any
questions that are relevant to the group
and if not we'll just answer your
question um via email with you one
one-on-one if it's
hyper-specific uh we're happy to do any
follow-ups with folks
um so that's sort of a brief overview of
today
really should not take too long we'll
just give sort of a high-level update
um for those that are interested and
curious
so diving into a recap of 2020
um i'm sure as most of you know we had
to
completely pivot from doing in-person
events
um to digital so we
had a number of digital mega events in
uh 2020 so you can see the five events
that we hosted there some of them were
new
um some of them are just you know not
new in digital
formats of events we've hosted irl in
the past
um so across all these events we had
more than 75 000 people register
um more than 500 000 people tuned in vr
live streams
so this is something we have found in
2020 and going into 2021 to be a really
effective
sort of channel for us to broaden
um our reach and though that of our
partners
um our social media channels um exploded
with growth
with our digital events in 2020 um
and something i think just most notably
to sort of keep in mind when it comes to
our digital events right like
i think saster has been known for its
great content throughout the years and
many of our sponsors and partners came
and had
um you know come to our in-person events
um and not necessarily had much of a
content focus a lot of the focus i think
on our traditional sponsorships
we're more on you know boots in person
activations networking meetings
things like that obviously in a digital
format digital booths are
really hard to do well we do do them but
even then it's the way to them because
um
you know not to miss out on it however
you know we do sort of index now
on being a content first approach um so
we really work with your team on
curating
a piece of content for our digital
events um
should you choose to partner with us
in that format um so that it you know
resonates with our sas or audience so
um it's a bit more of a hands-on
approach versus a like
meanings and networking approach so just
a nuance there
um this is just a quick insight into
our audience of who's attending our
digital events right
um this looks super similar to our
annual
flash in person events overall audience
so i think as
most folks know sester has a really
high proponent and percentage of
ceos and founders who attend our events
that is still true
in the digital format so we actually get
more
higher even an even higher percentage of
ceos and founders
who come to our digital events um so
that's great we basically grew
in all of our verticals and we've got
you know higher percentage ceos and
founders we've got more sales and
marketing leaders
um more investors um and just you know
more folks who
are decision makers attending new events
and because
uh sasha's global community is able to
attend these
digital events um without any
travel so lots of good stuff there
um this is just like a quick slide on
like some social proof
you'll see that we do get a lot of
social media engagement and interactions
from each of them which is just great
for like
overall brand awareness when it comes to
partnerships
and then this is what we want to take a
little bit of time on today
to chat through so this is our
2021 schedule of events this might look
familiar to some of you
it might look new to others so we're
going to take a minute to
walk through these um as you can see we
basically have a
full schedule of digital events um and
in person events for
2021 in fact we just had a digital
casual digital event last week um where
casually a hundred thousand people tuned
in
so um we're doing about two events per
quarter and the reason for that
being as we've heard from a number of
our partners
um with you know disaster as well as
other events planning a return to
in person sort of in neither q3 or q4
we wanted to make sure we were able to
still drive
community events um and deliver value
throughout the entire year
which is why we have a full schedule um
which is basically spread out across
so that depending on you know your
different initiatives
um and plans there's probably an event
that's
a more natural fit for you just based on
timing uh so timing was one
one reason for it another one was for
um theming so um you'll see these events
some of them are like an iteration of
events
so i'll explain that in a minute and
then some of them are obviously not
not new events farah they're a 2021
version
of an event we've held so a new version
um faster build which is our next
upcoming
mega event this is a brand new event
it's almost like a mini annual
um if i had to be honest it's got like a
honestly killer lineup of content and
speakers we've got
you know the founders from like notion
monday.com
loom uh webflow twilio i was just
looking at the lineup today with our
secret team and it's
it's crazy stat um lots of
snowflake i mean the list literally goes
on so um it's a really stacked event
content-wise um and this is
you know again almost like a mini annual
um
we sort of created the build event um
because we wanted to ensure folks had an
event where they could come
and first and foremost obviously learn
how to build their platform
you know to last generations um for
everything from you know apis
to kpis to everything in between
um it's really focused on like
productivity
um you know build back end
infrastructure
that sort of and then like just overall
revenue generating growth
um so build will be a super great event
um
that's gonna be the next one we do again
it's sort of like a mini annual
um so but it is brand new and we sort of
came up with it because we knew that we
were moving annual to q3 um
faster enterprise is uh will be the
second one that we're hosting
digitally um some of you guys might
remember originally in 2020
during the in-person sas for annual that
had to be rescheduled due
to covet we had a cxo only portion of
saster annual that was going to take
place in person it was called the cxo
summit
um since we weren't able to host that
last year unfortunately in person
we transformed it into a completely
digital event
and we just called it sastra enterprise
so that it was easier for folks to know
what it was
um this is our enterprise event um so
not everybody right on this
call will be a fit for this event like
if you're not enterprise ready
this is not the event for you to try and
get
the boxes of the world if you already
don't have like
you know if you're not set up for it so
um this is an event where we bring
together you know the top cios
cxos chief transformation officers
chief technology officers chief digital
officers
and we connect them with the buyers um
from the best b2b software companies so
we did have this event last year as a
one-day digital event we're bringing
back this year as a two-day digital
event
um and it's obviously uber interesting
because it's
a more hyper-targeted audience subset of
disasters
larger global audience and so that one
is super focused it is
the content is open to everyone but the
networking is
invite only and very highly handcrafted
and curated
um so that's faster enterprise faster
money
is like a 2.0 version of this event we
did last year called the new new
adventure
um noon inventor was really focused on
vcs and we're expanding that out um you
know to finance fintech and funding
so this is really something where
there's a lot of companies that we want
have previously partnered with and are
working with who are a fit for this
event naturally
um so this this came out of that need
um faster annual i'll actually save the
last
so that'll be in september i'll come
back to that one because it's
the biggest one where i'm sure you guys
have the most questions um and then
faster scale is something where
we just did it in december the first
iteration of faster scale wasn't person
and sf it's like a one day meet up for
revenue leaders
um and this is just a really great event
at the end of the year you know to close
out the year strong we bring together
revenue leaders
ceos um and it's a great event it's
hyper tactical
um and it's like just every it's the
playbooks and the how to's for scaling
um so i think you can flip to the next
one kaitlyn
yeah perfect okay so sastra annual this
is the one that we wanted
to chat about a little bit more um
before we give you guys an overview of
the other events
so faster annual is typically held
in q1 of you know the year just
we try and be the first major event of
the year
um for a number of reasons and it's
usually held the first
week or so of feb um obviously we
can't host it in february just because
of the restrictions that are still
ongoing
um with covid so as much as we would
like to have our event
around now um that's not a possibility
so we have moved it to september we did
do
the annual last year as a completely
digital event in september with some
great success
um but we are indexing this year on
hosting the sastry annual
it's september again but as an in-person
event
so we are planning on having this as an
in-person event
on these dates september 27th through
the 29th
um into the san francisco bay area if
it's safe to do so and allowed so
what does that mean for all of you on
this call um
if you are a current sponsor of the
annual and you already have like a
rollover agreement with us
or an existing agreement for annual 2021
these are the dates to know um we
do have contingency plans
um if we are not able to
host it in um san francisco in
this time frame um we do have a number
of contingency
quote-unquote backup plans um that are
in the works i see a question here
sorry hold on it says
san jose or san francisco um so right
now great question
um i think some of you are used to us
hosting it at
the san jose convention center um these
dates that we have on hold with the menu
are not
at the san jose convention center for a
number of reasons
um mainly because we are looking for a
venue that
is indoor outdoor because a lot of
studies have shown
that outdoor helps stop the spread of
covid there's obviously a lot of other
things we would do in our health and
safety guidelines but that's just
one positive take of it
um so we've looked for venues that are
hybrid in the sense of
indoor outdoor um to allow more freer
movement of air
um so right now it is in
san mateo county there's also a very
distinct reason where we picked a venue
in san mateo county and that's because
of the counties in california um santa
clara where the san jose convention
center is in san francisco
um you know where the
majority of the news are um
is more stringent when it comes to
reopening and we have been
constantly chatting with a number of
folks um who are like
our health and safety panel of experts
um
and it's it's definitely something where
we
kept the counties in mind so right now
this is
for these dates the venue that we have
locked into is in
san mateo county to answer that question
um but again we do have a number of
backup plans um so what this means for
you as a sponsor is
there's no action to take right now
except for knowing that these are the
dates
and that we are planning to host it as
an in-person event
we have spoken to a number of our
partners
already on these dates the venue
the timing um before we
move forward with telling everyone
um for a number of reasons um but you
know
we have had some responses where
folks have company policies that either
do or don't allow them to travel in
september
um so if if that is you um you know
reach out to
caitlin and myself um we'll definitely
get on a call with you
if not so if you are
good with these dates you're good with
returning to an in-person event
that's what we love to hear um there's
no action you need to take today
um just know that we will have more
information
in the coming weeks obviously as you
guys all know now
um the covet develop the coveted
situation develops and changes
super quick week over week um so this is
something where we are literally in
constant talks
across the board with um all of our
vendors our health and safety experts
that we can call on
um to ensure that we can have a safe
event
um and that is you know clear for us to
do so
so these are the dates to keep in mind
um there's
nothing yet on like picking booths that
will all come later
um there's nothing yet on like you know
any of
that yet and that's because we obviously
want to make sure it is a safe event
so details will come soon we are
literally constantly working on making
this event um
happen in september so that's
what there is to know about the annual
today um
do you want to skip a little bit ahead
to the super gold
yeah perfect um so we
wanted to take a little bit of the time
for those
folks who have not sponsored a digital
event with us yet um
to talk you through how it works with
our digital event options because they
are quite different from
the in person events obviously you guys
are more used to the traditional boots
lead scanners etc um
again these are a bit different because
for our digital sponsorships we do what
we call hyper workshops um so these are
20 minute sessions
with q a um where we do dedicated
session registration
and the way that we deliver value to you
as a partner
is through the session registration and
lead generation so
we ask folks to pick their sessions
as soon as they sign up for a ticket um
and in doing so we're able to deliver
you a handcrafted list of leads
of folks who are interested in your
company and your session as well as the
folks who
attended and watched live so that is how
we deliver leads to partners we
work caitlin works alongside our speaker
team
um to really work with each of our
partners and craft their sessions
and ensure it's a right fit for our sas
or audience um
this makes it easier for us to promote
your session and get more people to come
um so it's something that we work
collaboratively on
um with our partners um and then
additionally right something i mentioned
earlier is that we do
live stream our sessions so this is
something where you will not
get the leads from the live stream but
you will get additional like brand
awareness on top of the leads that you
are already
getting from the folks who signed up and
watched your session
so it's an added value that you're
getting here
of like having anywhere from like i've
seen
live streams from like 2500 to 20 000
people tuned in depending on the content
right so
um this is something where it just gets
your content in front of extra eyeballs
which is never a bad thing
um we do a number of event networking
so our digital events again we try and
hone in on the content
and you know a digital version of the
in-person networking like we used to
have at the annual
um and there are you know traditional
like traditional i want to say
traditional um digital boots
um and then we also you know we record
your sessions as well
um and turn them into long tail content
i just pop these in so you guys can see
some of the
ad points that amelia already discussed
but also what it actually looks like
when we put it into social media
um and do that kind of long tail
promotion and i can flip through these
really quickly um
but again she already went through these
benefits so you guys can see that but
um some of you have already taken part
in this know you know what this looks
like and how the longevity of this lasts
for you
and here's some of the numbers that i
know she was speaking to that can go um
for these hyper workshops that can make
you know that long-term effect that you
guys are looking for
and then this is the i mean
the enterprise version of what we were
just speaking of
yeah so this is one where we just wanted
to take a a quick minute here
to chat through the differences on our
digital
offerings for our full 2020 schedule
event so what we just watched you guys
through
is a super bowl which you can get you we
are hosting
at um a number of our digital events so
the super gold offering is the same
across something like disaster build
faster money disaster scale
the offering is the same obviously those
events have
nuanced themes um but still disasters
within sastra's core audience
so something to keep in mind there
around your timing and planning
and then the enterprise again event
again is a bit
different um it's a step up right this
is something where we do
work very closely on um
picking a handful of sponsors to work
with us during the enterprise event
um the hyper workshop is a bit different
because the content guidelines and
standards are much higher than they are
um at our normal events i mean they're
already pretty high
for digital fans because we want to help
you guys you know create a great piece
of content that you can use
um long tail um so we really work with
you on that but when it comes to the
enterprise event
um this is something where like we
really you know try
and work on before before choosing to
partner
with you guys together um so that we can
ensure it is a topic
and a talk track that you know either
your ceo or
somebody in your c-suite is um prepared
to speak on or
you know we've had folks bring customers
in the past who are also
at like an enterprise level um so this
is something where again
not everyone might be at this stage
where they're ready to present at an
enterprise conference
um if you're sponsoring other things
like enterprise connector or gartner
then you probably are a fit
if you don't go to those events yet it's
probably not a fit for you
yet to sponsor this event but it doesn't
mean you shouldn't like attend the
content and
um be a fit in the future um so that's
that's the content piece where it's a
bit more nuanced and then
just to walk everyone through really
quick how we do
um the this is good caitlin you can stay
here this is like the
a bit of a difference in the um
audience so we just did a snapshot just
for the enterprise event alone of
company size and who attends um
obviously a lot of the companies are you
know above
that you know a quarter of the audience
is above a thousand employees
and so that's already actually more than
a quarter
i'm like can i quick math in my head
like 40
um so that's you know a higher level
than like
some of the mid-stage ceos and founders
we get at let's say a build event
um this is a snapshot of two attempts
again this is not every
company that attended we had 8 000
people attend last year as a digital
version
um but this is just a quick snapshot of
folks that we took
that had name recognition um so you
could see who does come to the event
um and again this is something where the
content is open to everyone so you will
get a variety of folks
if we deliver leads to you for your
content and then
where really the value of the enterprise
event comes in is
through the double opt-in meetings um so
this is something where
we actually don't guarantee our partners
a number of meetings and that's because
it depends on a number of factors
depends on when you decide to partner
with us for the enterprise event
so the more time we have the better b
it does also depend from what we've seen
last year on
who you have available for meetings so
this is something where we
highly suggest your ceo your c-suite
your vp level and above
are available to take meetings for this
event because they are double opt-in
which means as a partner if you sponsor
the enterprise event
you would get a list of companies and
titles of folks who are attending the
event
beforehand and you would tell us who you
want to meet with we would go to those
folks who you want to meet with
and see if they wanted to meet with you
so if i was
a sponsoring company i would say
something like oh i want to meet with
kaitlyn
um shoes from visa that's a great fit
for us and if caitlin says yes i want to
meet with amelia
then we would facilitate the meeting for
you so again they are
double opt-ins of both parties have to
say yes to the meeting um it is
highly handcrafted and curated we we do
this um
internally there's not like a tool out
there to
automate this at the level where it
doesn't start interfering
with like weird algorithms and crazy
scores um
so it is highly curated and this is why
we sort of like
pick and choose folks who we work with
for the enterprise event so if it's
something that
you do feel like you are fit for um
definitely let us know
sooner rather than later because again
it is something where we do we do
um carve out time for you know making
sure the content is a fit
and making sure that your c-suite is
able to attend
these meetings because it's just easier
for us to book you double opt-in
meetings if your c-suite is available
on the next slide this is um the bronze
one that kind of
is across all of our events um and that
it incorporates some of the things that
are really important from the super gold
but
at a at a more foundational level so
we'll have a 20 minute round table that
includes q a for these speakers um
and your sponsors and then
what's different is um you'll also have
the registration and the leads like the
super bowl but it's just not at the same
scale
um and then one of the things that i
know amelia already touched on
that i will poke to real quick so you
can see it here is
what um this virtual booth uh
live page looks like you know everyone's
trying to make this a virtual booth
uh happen so to speak and make it the
golden ticket and so
i feel like we got the golden ticket
with a hyper workshop but we maybe
haven't gotten the golden ticket with a
virtual
booth um so this is what we want to just
call as an additional exposure
additional branding and if anyone has
gotten a golden ticket with a virtual
booth and
loves something let us know we're open
and listening
uh but this is something that lives on
our page pre during and post event
um and can have the additional exposure
we'll do blogs to it
um and we'll do postings for it on
social and then
we encourage all of our sponsors to take
advantage of doing a special offer
around this event
um whichever event you response or
excuse me so
whether it's anything from a gift card
to we've had people do
those tonal screens mirrors uh
or just a giveaway to amazon so just
something to keep in mind is what all of
our sponsorships come with at the
at the baseline they all have this what
we call like an evergreen
live page for you to take advantage of
um
but on to the next part which is the
bundle so i'll pass it back over to you
yeah for sure so just this is this will
be sort of the last thing we end on here
um a number of our partners have worked
with us
on bundling their digital offering
or even their in-person offering with
something else um so we've had
people do this sort of a variety of ways
um and this is where you know we love
chatting and brainstorming with folks of
like what makes the most sense we're
happy to make suggestions
um you know give you the latest
availability um tell you what we think
would really maximize your partnership
with saster
um so that's something we're naturally
happy to do we're also happy to just
chat
events in general if you have any
questions i know a number of folks are
attempting or hosting their own events
which obviously we know is
a lot of work so we're always happy to
knowledge share um but getting to the
bundles this is something where
a lot of our partners have found success
in coupling
a digital media a digital media offering
with
a super goal type of workshop at one of
our digital events
um so as many of you probably know we do
have a
number of media outlets and offerings
that really grew exponentially in 2020
so this includes you know the official
staff for podcast
um any of our newsletters which get
distributed in a variety of ways
um over email over linkedin etc and
other things like you know those are
those are honestly our top two we do
other things like a
quora we do other things like a sister
university sponsorship if that's more in
line with your brand
um we do sponsored blog posts um so this
is something where we've just seen folks
have some success when they sort of do
um a mixture of things based on the
timing you know we've seen some people
do it
pre-event um to help drive up
registrations and leads
um to their speaking session at disaster
that's worked really well
we've also seen people do post events so
if they just had a session
um you know promoting the um session
afterwards or having a call to action
for the audience
um works really well um and and in fact
we've also had folks do something like
just doing a super cold hyper workshop
at different events throughout the year
um so they can have legion or you know
customer
meetings throughout the year um even in
a digital format so
um just something to keep in mind there
um yeah and i think
i think we're good there yeah i was like
because we will share this deck with you
guys after which means you can click
into it you can read into it
it's got a variety of content at the end
of it here which is all about you know
our different we have like three
different newsletters
uh we have a faster broadcast we've got
blog posts as we just mentioned our
sasha university
um so really it depends on what you guys
want to promote we can obviously make
suggestion as to where we think
would be the best format and how to
maximize your partnership with us
um so yeah hopefully that was helpful
for you guys to hear the latest on
our schedule events um hopefully helpful
to hear about the digital offerings
because i know some of you have
done it with us and some of you have not
yet um and yeah you know mark your
calendars leave the dates for the events
that we do have
um and we are happy to answer any
questions with you guys one-on-one
um you know if you are an existing
sponsor and you
probably already know caitlin and she
will still be your best
um day-to-day point of contact you guys
can feel free to email me as well i'm
just amelia at fast drink as most of you
know
i'm happy to chat about anything and
everything um either faster or events or
marketing related
um and if you don't have a sponsorship
with us yet um i'm sure many of you guys
have met or chatted with boya he's the
right person to
go to there um but again caitlin and i
are always happy to
to help um so we will be doing these
sponsor webinars on a more regular basis
because obviously we know we've met with
a lot of you folks
um one on one and are continuing to do
so but just to keep everyone posted
um on the obviously ongoing situation of
hosting in-person events you know it's
something where we want to host the
annual plus
host a few more events if we can safely
in um 2021
so um we're going to start doing these
more regularly so we're going to do them
once a month um they will usually be the
third tuesday of the month so we'll have
another one in february
um but we just wanted to make sure we
got you guys the information at the
start of the month plus also if you guys
were interested in the build event we
obviously wanted to
be mindful of the timing so we did a
special one off sort of in the beginning
of the month here in the
still the beginning of the year um and
then we'll we'll keep doing them every
every third tuesday of the month and
send you guys the invites and the
recordings if you can't make
it just so that you're always up to date
with what's happening at faster and
you're never feeling like you're not in
the loop
um so hopefully that's helpful if
there's something you guys want to see
at the next
um webinar or question you feel like
would be helpful for other sponsors or
any content you want to see
let us know we're definitely open to
adding things and elements to these
ongoing webinars as we
as we go forward but really our goal is
to keep you guys informed
um on our schedule events you know
what's happening how you can go to them
and
make the most of it what's going who's
on the podcast this week
um so yeah hopefully that's helpful and
um anything else that i miss caitlyn no
i think you covered it all i appreciate
you guys joining us like we said we'll
do it this
again more regularly and again any
questions whether it's to amelia or
myself
um i'm caitlin sasserink.com or if you
just want to go through sponsor success
um we're here to help and we're happy to
meet with you if you guys want anything
customized or more my more hyper focused
um hope to see you guys in person soon
though yeah hope to see you guys soon
stay well guys have a good one bye